[inaudible]
Cadillac coupe
needed.
You will
have fever
sitting on the edge.
Takedown afternoon.
She made me cry.
Limit Deep,
and Matt asked,
grandma died when she was five and she never did know.
Full
file of bell in a gun fight and a mother,
she see
hunger.
I got Joe home.
You will hurt deep in my bones.
I got a weakness either
sitting on the edge,
she's sick.
I slept with gangs,
smuggled congressman in Goblin barrel missing holy man.
But this weakness is my
nams mass starts to creep and see,
can sell map smashed scan,
and
I got a weakness.
Yeah,
Saf,
beaver.
I got
sitting on the edge.
Just Wayne.
And you paint with a dark brush.
Yeah.
Almost always.